# Tic-Tac-Toe
In this work we intend to develop a program that allow to play this game.


The game, which is known in Portugal as the Jogo do Galo,
also known in English as Tic Tac Toe or in Brazil
by tic-tac-toe, it's a well-known game and quite
simple.
In this work we intend to develop a program that
allow to play this game.
The game must have the following characteristics:

• It should start by presenting a simple menu
which presents two options:
1 – NEW GAME
the 2 - EXIT
• When choosing the NEW GAME option, a message should appear on the screen.
representation of the game board, with the game positions numbered from 1 to 9.
• The first player must be asked to select a position and then switched
the player. The player must alternate automatically until one of the players wins.
or the game ends in a draw.
• It should be clear on the screen which player is playing.
• Each time the player chooses a position, the game board must be changed to
reflect the play.
• The game must ensure that the player cannot choose a position already chosen, either by
itself, as by the opponent.
• At each move, the game must analyze whether any of the players has won or if there are no more
moves and the game ended in a draw.
• When the game is over, you must return to the initial menu.
• IMPORTANT: The program must be developed using only the concepts
acquired so far in the discipline.
• The following images show an example of the Game presentation. These images are
merely illustrative and the game may be visually different, as long as they comply with the
defined requirements.


To reduce the number of ties, it is intended to create a new game action that allows players to
players cannot play every round.
In this way, add a step in the game where, before choosing the position, the player has to
choose between 0 and 1. This value is compared with a value generated by the Math.random function between
0 and 1. If the player gets the value right, he can play, if he doesn't get it right, the turn passes to the other player.


Create a new game mode where the player plays against the computer.
For this, a function must be developed that analyzes the game board and chooses the move
depending on your status.
Functions that manage to win a game are valued, or that, at least, manage to draw.

